Analyzer Analyzer Analyzer know how far away the planet and what length of year
they'd have, all these little, the things that makes a fun in science fiction
writing. These damn plots are in this.
Well, I came out with values from the spectroscopic evidence, and the blasted
white stars weren't big enough. They weren't massive enough. And they, to be as
bright as they were, they should have had more mass than they possibly could
have from the spectroscopic data.
I remember that morning with
me. I was just gone to the solar panel. I remember that morning I was gonna show
up until the hour and the moon went to the ocean.
And the next slide I hope, if I didn't get out of order again, gives you a
pretty good idea. The yellow star in the middle is the sun. The, these two are
the main components of the other two bright, of the two, bright, white stars in
character, and the red dwarf, this and this are reasonable values for the other
stars. There are limitations to things... The system's not eclipsing, so it's
not edge on, so we don't know the exact tilt, so there's a big range of possible
matters that I stuck with within the range which would make the stars too faint
to see and came out with answers
Well, we can back and forth, I'm sorry to speak to some other people. But, uh,
who's a real person?
a lot of science fiction writers have, this is not my painting by the way, this
is a John Dixon one. A lot of science fiction writers, when they sent their
stories on planets of other stars, just picked the stars whose name they
happened to know without any regard to how likely it was to have planets, much
less habitable ones. and Antares is a frequently used example since it's a nice
bright star seen from Earth or from practically anywhere else, and there you
are. But there's a little bit of trouble with Antares, this is probably a pretty
accurate painting, it's a red giant, you can see down through the atmosphere for
some distance,
There's a lot
of people in the radar and you are going to find a way for them, but I'm going
to find out what their house is going to look for everything in their own. I see
you in our 30s later on, but I can go back to him to do a great deal. I don't
know. Ann Terries was mentioned in Star Trek, though, and I had to cook up a few
possibilities to play the game, and I'm quite sure the next two or three slides
deal with some of the possibilities. I had to face the presumed fact that the
star is very old and the planets are very old. I had
to cook up a place but where there could still reasonably be light, and I went
slightly overboard in typical science fiction writer's style, This is a probe
going into Antares' photosphere itself, it's going in well above the local speed
of sound, all three of them are, so there are shockwaves around it, and the
title of a picture was hot vacuum, which pretty well described
That was the yellow transmissable of a Pacific
Ocean. It noticed that you know the ancient land is a giant giant venture-shaped
center that
what you年 with half the whole world, from the earth as it really didn't happen,
if you could still go on in that time, what doesn't happen, it's a very
significant difference
with a.
Country and the top
of the mountain of mountaineering, otherwise, you'd be so sensible for it. And
you'd like to see that. Maybe it'll work, because it doesn't sound on it. No,
it's a little bit better. Now this is one of the satellites, and on the
satellites, the Antarians had some of their technical equipment, which they
couldn't very well build in the sky. I went to came up with a very brief story
about the, remember the good old Galileo that And it was always being wrecked,
the shuttlecraft. It had to be the Galileo. It went poking around the inner
planet beneath the star itself. Okay, they met one of the neighbors and he was
very helpful after they got everything settled. I couldn't find the other slide
just at the table. That was a neighbor floating around in space. He had actually
was just a kid who was out there practically starving. He got in the
Enterprise's way, and the Enterprise wanted to get around him and he wouldn't
move, and find where they fired a favor at him and got the answer. Thanks, I
needed that.
Mr. Chantrou, very briefly, I assure you, in the talk. Oh, Ok, yes, Mr. Saling.
I think that was a really good question. Right now ... But their new Tahoe and
the Enterprise and the Enterprise, and eventually it was in the Interface and
the Enterprise. It's in front of the nod. And then the Enterprise went on into
the sky, one of the natives protecting the Enterprise from slightly excessive
radiation intensity.ternet, and they eventually found and rescued, the crew of
the Galileo, you can't rescue a Galileo, it's got to be destroyed in one of the
rooms. Okay but the final picture I think was the destruction of the sub
aircraft, yeah, there it went in a nice negative explosion as the uh, shields
went and absorbed a large amount of heat from the gas around it so the gas
cooled down and stopped radiating, and so that you'd get a negative explosion
like that under the circumstances. And if you dot think I'm right, write your
own story on that. Okay.
This was another set I made to... I kind of hoped we'd get into the animated
Star Trek stuff. But, uh, didn't work. The star is S.S. Sidney. which is a
binary one star much like the sun the other jumps above at the white dwarf stage
and every now and then as material is objected from the bigger sun it falls into
the white dwarf and the heat generated by the fall as it compresses makes the
small star pop up like practically a nova the details uh you want to read from
an article a two-part article by george bumford
They want to be able to look into the stars in this field because we were the
actor in We have a great team, there is a really big team for
it to be a important team,
where And I worked out an excuse for that, but let's not go into it now. As to
all the fifties. Now one of them, carbon-type life had developed. The other, the
sea had a lot of dissolved ionic material, dissolved salts. And the life forms
were metal crystalloids, electable stuff. And the life on the carbon world has
been just starting to develop space travel. had dropped a few probes over onto
the other world, not properly decontaminated, and the metal beings were having
to set up a major industry in what they thought of as the flying control center,
destroying this stuff that was spreading over their oceans and cutting off the
sunlight they needed. Okay. The story has never been finished. Some day maybe.
That's from the surface of one of the planets, looking at the other, During a
partial eclipse, the shadow of the world you're on is falling on the planet
you're looking at. That's the reddish area. OK. Next one. Pretty much the same
source, but it comes in the other direction, just coming out from behind. But
most of the planets you're on is now in sunlight, so we see it reflected in the
ocean, so it's up here.
No, check. No, check.
That was another one that was never went very far. The system is V444 signal, an
equipping system of which one part is a W-7. A group of four-way stars and the
other is about an O-3 or 4. Two of the hottest objects would shine. Probably
extremely young size. I had to cook up an excuse for planets there and I
couldn't think of any. And finally, I decided planets, no, comets, yes. And the
comet that was found had been visited a few thousand years before, because after
all, any object like that would be interesting to a space-traveling race. And
the common had been hollowed out a lot of research and equipment. And the
nextspending is looking inside the common. Which as Fred Ripple says, is a tent
of ice. Now it has been sort of hollowed out, the machinery is lying there, and
it's very hard to make out any details, but that's reasonable because if you are
there you are in trouble guard, making out details. Your inside ice, you're
illuminated from outside, hess the greenish color, and there are tunnels and
cables andff BARTH- I called it labyrinth, to let it go at that. I haven't seen
too Reverie. Okay, next one.
That was when I was flipping around the vicinity of Rizzo and the ship was doing
some mining on a fairly solid metal asteroid which is condensed way in, fairly
close to the star, Rigel's about 150,000 times the brightest sun if it takes 50
,000 or so, we don't know how far away it is and that far in if anything
condensed as tall it was the metal so the assumption was that you uh did your
mining in the neighborhood where Rigel's prominence you could get at you if you
weren't careful. OK.
I think you could make a lot of stories about the life of those miners, never
mind doing any further. That was another one I did for the episode, the Apple,
the one where that leftover computer that looked like a reptile was keeping
people going and defending itself. There obviously had to be another planet in
the system which had another such device on it, but there's no reason for vol
being there. So this is a satellite of a Jovian-type planet further out in the
system. The star is about life furious, so it had to be a video further out. The
Jovian planet had to be hot enough to keep the satellite habitable, And this is
a satellite partly lightened by the star and partly lightened by the dull, red,
hot planet down to the lower right. And there's a few thousand more. Three
million more square miles to write stories on. Am I anywhere near infinity yet?
Keep going.
That's from the surface of one of the satellites looking at the dull, red, hot
planet, partly
now so you know all the
time but can you guys say I had a chance to check and see the you know and
that's because he's always coming to you but you don't get an last year I'm
gonna get more time to come up with something I really like getting close to a
red-blure star close enough for tidal forces to go into action material being
pulled out of the star falling into the black hole as it falls potential energy
showing up is kinetic so it's radiating x-rays and anything else you care to
name I don't know if the black hole is actually going to hit the star and clean
it all up or not I painted the picture a little too early Some black holes are
showing up in stories, and there are lots of things that can be done with them,
that haven't been done yet, especially if Hawkins fellows just decided they're
not that permanent. They can lose their mask by tunneling effects. It's the laws
of quantum mechanics are true. Yeah. How many of these people work out? Not very
effectively. It doesn't lend itself to verbal explanation. the reason the black
hole supposedly couldn't let anything out was that the velocidad is greater than
the speed of light. And even protons can't make it. Quantum mechanics is a
statistical field... Let's try. That's how you pump the to, right?
Robert Greiner, And they wake up and you're running in ady town and
you're doing well. They give you a little bit of a subject to, and it's much
more normal, and that's how much of a little bit of a little bit of on to occur.
And then all of these things can be made up for every second, to the second
point. It's the first time, you make sure that they're coming in
well,
the same
sort of thing apparently applies inside mic Keran's, although I know a hell of a
lot less about the energy levels that are supposed to be there, but whether or
not the same thing is going to be completely different than the other things
that are going to be something will actually get through that potential barrier,
is a statistical matter. And it's heavy and badly designed nuclei, uranium and
radium and materials like that, this sort of stuff. And there is a possibility
that a particle will find itself outside the nucleus without having actually
climbed the potential wall. And they call this phenomenon tunneling. And
theoretically, if the quantum rules apply, they will also apply to black holes.
Apparently according to an article in, I think, last month's Scientific
American, this disposes of the micro-black holes once and for all. If they were
formed 10 billion years ago and the Big Bang at the start of the Universe,
they've radiated away by now. But the probability gets very much smaller as the
black hole gets more and more massive
I'm sorry, she said, that's a great one. I thought, if you want to hear a
question, then I was thinking, you know, that's for me. I think it's been a long
time ago, and I'm just sitting there with this one, with it
the make of the Lord's eyes. Uhh, the best way to get into the North. I'm not
sure if as the Interior can quite be so much, I don't know. And that way. I
don't know what you have here.
No matter what you're gonna do, let me get a call back. I will be able to get to
our next evening.
okay... some stories, I'm not sure I put that in upside down and it looks like
it... Some of the paintings tell their own story! You don't have to write a
story around it, but you can! This one is entitled Sub Satellite, and it's
upside down from the way I had it mind when i painted it uh and there's a
wrecked ship on phobus up there and mars is in the background and a slightly
wrecked man in the foreground and the whole thing tells its own story some of
the later ones are a bit better one pop on to them especially in the story they
tell i call
that one communication gap Okay. One ziggle out of the audience, doesn't it?
Because he just happened to be an arthropod and figured that there was some fair
chance of communicating with the highest life he could find which is also an
arthropod. The fact that he had arrived somewhere in the middle of Tambrian and
he'd go, He cried. Okay. Anyone wants to write that story, go right ahead. It
doesn't project very well. The title was Omin. It's supposed to be sunrise sky,
reflection in water down there and a moon hanging just between two other suns in
a ocean. But the Yeah, let's go on.
Ah, again it doesn't show very well. I mean, I have it which I suspect he died
artistically, a painting, a picture in which the key elements can't be seen
until you lean over and look rather closely.
And the planet is the earth and down here in the rock is a fossil human thorax.
Sorry it doesn't feel better. Let's see if the next one does, you can always
hope.
That isn't a story, but could be. Это слабое с древности с тем, что у нас все
супер-силoye вопления, но и просто так и походе. С Wednesday, сегодня я уже
закончил с древних людьми, и я думаю
что мы не должны дать их совсем интереснее, чтобы не было ни древние, really
irregular objects partly we think because the actual radiation output is still
varying wildly, and partly because there's a lot of obscuring matter still
around it that's occasionally blocked the radiation. .
You shouldn't be able to write a story about a plant there, but you should be
able to write a story about it. Okay, that came out of my Rigel talk for Star
Trek. This is Rigel V off the background, but maybe I think it was about Rigel
14 looking at it. Okay. I'll describe Rigel 14 if you want. Just write me a
note. I'll tell you how far, I think I can find my notes on how far out it was
and how many centuries a year it was, you know, that sort of stuff. Today
another not-quite-sumnless-world situation, but it's the planet of a red dwarf
star which has evaporated out of the galaxy. Enough dynamic encounters, you tend
to distribute kinetic energy equally among stars, just as you do among molecules
in a gas cloud, and there's a good deal of theoretical reason
But here we are. I mean,
they are completely different, but I think I do know, what the technology is
Plus we're all about a science science science science science science science
science science science science science science science science science science
science science science science science
science I don't know for yourself. I'm not going to bother with it. Okay.
Leda Lyre has been used repeatedly. That's the Dixon painting, I think. And if
anyone has read Larry Nivens' soft weapon, they'd gotten the verbal description.
Actually he went by Bonacel's painting, but it doesn't matter. The paintings
look alike. The only catch is that the brighter of those stars of the P-type
main sequence star, about three times as hot as the sun. The other object we
don't know is the product to be an f-type star. I've read the one paper in which
they thought it might be a black hole, which is, of course, after black holes
got popular. And the spectral evidence suggests that you've got this spiral of
gas being ejected from one star, pulled towards the other, but orbital motion is
so fast that some of it misses and goes spiraling merrily out of the distance.
The flinchot effects the same thing as descending the Pioneer 10 out of the
solar system. The only chart in the picture is you couldn't begin to look in
that direction with a star of that temperature in front of you and you would
never see that red hydrogen spiral. No way. It's not bright enough. However, it
makes a nice painting and it made a nice story. Next one.
a little bit better than that. The planets in the foreground apparently got well
posted during the explosion. Next. Can I ask you quickly to remind the mind that
the Mars is a moment of reflection the air sun ? Probably not. Well, it's a
little matter away from it, but not all of it. And that's Algol, the demon star,
the blinder, this is a different painting. More or less correct, although the
blurb has with it wasn't because he had the dimensions way off.
And I did a little bit of thinking about a planet for that system one time, and
you can have this one free, I'll describe the planet for you, but the next
picture is a thing on it. He called it the third star. I had to put it a little
too far out as to be kept at a comfortable temperature by algol if it were a
black body. If it had been far enough in, the third star would have ruined its
orbit. So, I decided, okay, let's greenhouse it up to a decent temperature. So,
it's got a nice, shallow cloud envelope like Venus. And its natives are just
getting to the stage where they are being scientists. And this group has gotten
above the cloud layer of the four creatures are completely unused upon life and
Aldo ame is partly an Eclipse, and they're in trouble with it comes out from
Eclipse before very long. The cave star is there and the other one's hidden
behind the cumulus top, because unlike inteed and some other artists who can
call themselves artists, I let my scientific prejudices this is affect my
artistic license. I don't paint a picture of what you're looking straight at a B
-type star. You know, damn well you couldn't see it or you couldn't see anything
else. So I hid the B-star behind its companion and I hid the other star whose
type I don't know but which I'm sure is too hot to look at straight, behind a
cloud. That's me, I mean with artistic license you can do this things. I'm a
scientists not an artist, sorry about that. OK, but if you want that planet, go
right ahead. All sorts of things you can do with it, but people look a little
like centipede. They evolved in shallow oceans and tidal regions, with very
heavy weed beds, and their centipede structure involved climbing and moving
around, but tides went up and down. and they were sometimes in the air and
sometimes not. And the general... rugged environment was what selected for
intelligence there. I used the same thing in the Stellar 2 story, stuck with it,
but it was a different planet. And that, I think the last of the slides but
remember Jim Blish decided that Mr. Stark's Homeworld Vulcan was a planet of 40
Arradane? Well, I went along with this. I mean, I'm stuck with it, has appeared
in books. Hordea is a triple star. The main body of the system is about a K3
about 30% as bright as the sun, and I decided that that's where the Vulcan had
better be succed. Certainly closer in, because Vulcan has been stated to be
hotter than the Earth, and therefore it has a shorter year whether Jim was
willing to admit it or not. The other two stars are rather interesting here the
brighter one is a white dwarf